https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/images/Astro.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/images/Summer-Photo.jpeg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/images/pa_img.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/images/pa_new.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/images/pa_new2.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/images/ph3.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/logo.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/logo1.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/5KV Voltage controller.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/AIR gyro.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Ball and Ring.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Bocce Ball Set with Soft Carrying Case - 100mm.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Buoyancy.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Color changing beads.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Cosmos.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Eddy Current Tube.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Electric whirl (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Energy Ball.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Engine.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Feild lines.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Ferrofluid.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Fulgurite.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Generator.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/GloFlex.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Hand crank.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Heart pump.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Hooke_s Law.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/IR-100 .jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Induction coils.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Inductor.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Infrared.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Laser box.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Laser ray 1.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Laser ray 2.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Laser ray 3.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Magnetic accelerator.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Mirascope.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Molecular motion demo.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Newton_s Cradle.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Open Speaker.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Orbital models.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Oscilloscope.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Plasma Ball.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Pressure mat.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Radio.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Refraction gradings.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Slinky.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Solar pump.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Spring scale.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Transformer.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Twirl pipe.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/UV Light.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/UV lamp.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Vaccum pressure station.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Van de Graaf.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Variable lamp.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Water tank.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Wheel and Stool 2.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/Wheel and Stool.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/autotransformer.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/balance.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/combination pan.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/electric motor 1.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/electric motor 2.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/electric motor.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/electromagnetic.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/electrometer.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/fiberoptic light.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/force table.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/galvanometer.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/globe.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/gulf wax.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/hydrogen energy lab.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/inclined plane.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/lantern.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/laser pointer.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/lava lamp.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/lens holder.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/light.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/long spring.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/microwave setup.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/pasco rocket.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/pasport sensors.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/physics concepts 1.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/physics concepts 2.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/pipe organ tube demo.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/polarizers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/pulleys.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/singing magnets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/slide whistle.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/slotted weights.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/sound meter.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/spectrometer.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/spinning top.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/throw LED poi balls.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/trans compass 20PK.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/universal timer.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/vac jar 2.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/vac jar.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/wave generator.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/welch scientific.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/p_a_demonstration/wheel and axle.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Archimedes Principle 2016.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Archimedes/Archimedes-1.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Archimedes/Archimedes.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Archimedes/Scale.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Archimedes/dishpans.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Archimedes/economy force sensor.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Archimedes/grad. cy. 250ml (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Archimedes/paper towels.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Archimedes/plastic cups.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Archimedes/rub. alcohol.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Archimedes/rubber bals.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Ball and Ring.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Collision-phys103.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Conservation of Energy.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Conservation of Linear Momentum (Collisions)-2016.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Energy Conservation 2018.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Forces Newtons Laws 2016.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Forces, Newton's Laws_phys103.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Free Fall-2018.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Free Fall_phys103.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Hooke's Law, Forces.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Hookes Law, Forces.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Motion at Constant Velocity-2019(1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Torque _ Rotational Motion_phys103-1.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Torque _ Rotational Motion_phys103.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Torque and Rotational Motion 2016.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/Work Energy.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationofenergy/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationofenergy/Pasco 750.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationofenergy/T stands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationofenergy/angle indicator.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationofenergy/angle pole clamps.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationofenergy/cart launcher-2.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationofenergy/dynamic track.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationofenergy/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationofenergy/plunger cart.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationofenergy/ts4kd.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationoflinearmomentum/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationoflinearmomentum/Pasco 750.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationoflinearmomentum/collision cart.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationoflinearmomentum/data studio.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationoflinearmomentum/dynamic track.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationoflinearmomentum/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/conservationoflinearmomentum/plunger cart.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/description of motion 103.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/freefall/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/freefall/Pasco 750.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/freefall/basketballs.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/freefall/data studio.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/freefall/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/freefall/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/hookeslaw/2 pole.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/hookeslaw/dishpans.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/hookeslaw/economy force sensor.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/hookeslaw/foam (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/hookeslaw/mass sets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/hookeslaw/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/hookeslaw/rulers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/hookeslaw/spring scales.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/motionatconstantvelocity/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/motionatconstantvelocity/Pasco 750.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/motionatconstantvelocity/T stands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/motionatconstantvelocity/data studio.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/motionatconstantvelocity/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/motionatconstantvelocity/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/perceptions,estimates_measurements/drafting triangles.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/perceptions,estimates_measurements/meter sticks.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/perceptions,estimates_measurements/protractors (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/perceptions,estimates_measurements/rulers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/perceptions,estimates_measurements/ts4kd.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/solarsystem/IMG_1366[1]..JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/solarsystem/Scotch tape.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/solarsystem/balloons.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/solarsystem/golf balls.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/solarsystem/index cards.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/solarsystem/ping pong.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/solarsystem/rulers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/solarsystem/tennis balls.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/solarsystem/wood skewers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/Bocce Ball Set with Soft Carrying Case - 100mm.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/Pasco 750.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/T stands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/Torque & Rotational Motion_phys103.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/Torque and Rotational Motion 2016.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/angle pole clamps.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/braided string.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/cardboard.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/data studio.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/dynamic track.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/mass sets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/metal ring large.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/pendulum accessory.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/rotary motion sen.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/rulers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/torque/wooden disk.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/work and energy 161.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/Pasco 750.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/Work Energy.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/braided string.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/dishpans.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/dynamic track leveling.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/dynamic track.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/economy force sensor.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/foam (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/mass sets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/plunger cart.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/sup. pull. cl.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/ts4kd.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy103/workandenergy/work and energy 161.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart1/Acrylic Breadboard.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart1/Electric_Ciruits-1_2_phys104.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart1/Extech DC power.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart1/Tenna multimeter.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart1/alligator red black un.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart1/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart1/power cords (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart1/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart1/reesistors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart2/5MHZ BK Precision.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart2/Acrylic Breadboard.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart2/Electric_Ciruits-1_2_phys104.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart2/Extech DC power.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart2/Resistors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart2/Resistors and testleads.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart2/Tenna multimeter.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart2/alligator red black un.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart2/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart2/bnc_banana.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart2/capacitors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart2/power cords (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart2/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electriccircuitpart2/voltage sensors.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electronchargetomassratio/ElectronChargetoMassRatio.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electronchargetomassratio/Low voltage power supply.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electronchargetomassratio/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electronchargetomassratio/e over m.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electronchargetomassratio/flashlights.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electronchargetomassratio/high volt.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electronchargetomassratio/power cords (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electronchargetomassratio/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electronchargetomassratio/replacement mirror scales.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/electronchargetomassratio/rulers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/magneticinduction/5MHZ BK Precision.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/magneticinduction/Magnetic Induction_phys104.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/magneticinduction/bar mgnet with poles.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/magneticinduction/voltage sensors.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/opticspart1/Optics part 1.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/pendulum/2 pole.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/pendulum/Pasco 750.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/pendulum/Pendulum-104.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/pendulum/Table Clamp.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/pendulum/pendulum accessory.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/pendulum/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/pendulum/protractors (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/pendulum/stopwatch 324 (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/physicsofsound1/Pasco 750.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/physicsofsound1/Sound _ Resonance I.jpeg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/physicsofsound1/data studio.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/physicsofsound1/res. hammers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/physicsofsound1/sound sen.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/physicsofsound1/tuning forks.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/physicsofsound2/Electric Piano.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/physicsofsound2/Pasco 750.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/physicsofsound2/Physics of Sound II_phys104.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/physicsofsound2/sound sen.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/simpleharmonicmotion/2 pole.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/simpleharmonicmotion/Mass on a Spring_phys104.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/simpleharmonicmotion/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/simpleharmonicmotion/Pasco 750.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/simpleharmonicmotion/Springs.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/simpleharmonicmotion/data studio.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/simpleharmonicmotion/golf ball eyelet.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/simpleharmonicmotion/hook collar (2).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/simpleharmonicmotion/meter sticks.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/simpleharmonicmotion/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/simpleharmonicmotion/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/simpleharmonicmotion/ts4kd.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/standingwaves/Pasco 750.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/standingwaves/Standing-Waves_phys104.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/standingwaves/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/standingwaves/data studio.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/standingwaves/mass sets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/standingwaves/mech. wave driver.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/standingwaves/meter sticks.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/standingwaves/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/standingwaves/power amp. II.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/standingwaves/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy104/standingwaves/sup. pull. cl.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/2 pole.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/Archimedes Principle.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/Cylindrical weights.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/Thermoses.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/Wooden blocks.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/archimedesS2016(1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/braided string.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/collapsible funnels.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/dishpans.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/economy force sensor (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/economy force sensor.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/grad. cy. 250ml (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/rulers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/steel poles.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/archimedesprinciple/styrofoam blocks.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationofenergy/Conservation of Energy_phys161.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationofenergy/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationofenergy/Pasco 750.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationofenergy/T stands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationofenergy/angle indicator.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationofenergy/angle pole clamps.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationofenergy/cart launcher-2.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationofenergy/dynamic track.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationofenergy/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationofenergy/plunger cart.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationofenergy/ts4kd.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationoflinearmomentum/07_ConservationOfMomentum(1)(1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationoflinearmomentum/Conservation of Linear Momentum_phys161.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationoflinearmomentum/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationoflinearmomentum/collision cart.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationoflinearmomentum/dynamic track.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationoflinearmomentum/motion sen. II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationoflinearmomentum/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationoflinearmomentum/plunger cart.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/conservationoflinearmomentum/ts4kd.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/freefall/01_FreeFall_v2(1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/freefall/Free Fall_phys161_244.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/freefall/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/freefall/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/freefall/basketballs.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/freefall/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/freefall/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/measurementuncertainities/calipers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/measurementuncertainities/measurement uncertainties.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/measurementuncertainities/meter sticks.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/measurementuncertainities/rulers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/measurementuncertainities/small steel balls.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/measurementuncertainities/ts4kd.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/momentofinertia/08_MomentOfInertia(1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/momentofinertia/Moment of Intertia_phys161.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/momentofinertia/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/momentofinertia/Table Clamp.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/momentofinertia/braided string.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/momentofinertia/dishpans.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/momentofinertia/foam (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/momentofinertia/mass sets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/momentofinertia/pendulum accessory.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/momentofinertia/rotary motion sen (2).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/momentofinertia/steel poles.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/momentofinertia/sup. pull. cl.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/04_NewtonsLaws_II(1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/Dish pan-foam.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/Dynamic Track end stop.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/Newtons Laws ll_phys161.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/braided string.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/discover friction (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/dynamic track.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/economy force sensor.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/mass sets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/plunger cart.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/sup. pull. cl.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/newtonslaw2/ts4kd.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/pendulum/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/pendulum/Simple Pendulum-Physics161.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/pendulum/T stands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/pendulum/pendulum accessory.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/pendulum/photogate access.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/pendulum/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/pendulum/protractors (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/pendulum/rotary motion sen.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/pendulum/stopwatch 324 (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/rotationalmotion/161_lab9_manual.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/rotationalmotion/Rotational Motion _ Angular Momentum_phys161.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/rotationalmotion/calipers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/rotationalmotion/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/rotationalmotion/rot. disk ring.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/rotationalmotion/rotary motion sen (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/rotationalmotion/rulers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/staticequilibrium/10_StaticEquilibrium2020 Updated One(1)(1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/staticequilibrium/2 pole.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/staticequilibrium/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/staticequilibrium/Static Equilibrium _ Rotational Balance_phys161.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/staticequilibrium/economy force sensor.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/staticequilibrium/mass sets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/staticequilibrium/meter sticks.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/staticequilibrium/poles (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/staticequilibrium/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/staticequilibrium/ring hangers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/vectors_newtonslaw1/03_VectorsAndNewtonsLaws17-DRF-JPL(1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/vectors_newtonslaw1/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/vectors_newtonslaw1/Vectors _ Newton_s Law I.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/vectors_newtonslaw1/drafting triangles.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/vectors_newtonslaw1/economy force sensor.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/vectors_newtonslaw1/force table accessories.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/vectors_newtonslaw1/force table and pulley.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/vectors_newtonslaw1/mass and hanger sets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/vectors_newtonslaw1/meter sticks.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/vectors_newtonslaw1/protractors (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/vectors_newtonslaw1/rubber bands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/vectors_newtonslaw1/rulers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/vectors_newtonslaw1/ts4kd.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/work_energy/05_Work19.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/work_energy/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/work_energy/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/work_energy/braided string.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/work_energy/dynamic track leveling.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/work_energy/dynamic track.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/work_energy/economy force sensor.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/work_energy/mass sets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/work_energy/metal cans.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/work_energy/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/work_energy/plunger cart.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/work_energy/sup. pull. cl.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/work_energy/ts4kd.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy161/workenergy_phy161.jpeg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/1dmotion/1-D-Motion.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/1dmotion/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/Venturi Apparatus/Venturi Apparatus.jpeg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/Venturi Apparatus/Venturi Apparatus.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationofenergy/Conservation of Energy.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationofenergy/Conservation of Energy_phys161.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationofenergy/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationofenergy/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationofenergy/angle pole clamps.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationofenergy/cart launcher-2.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationofenergy/dynamic track.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationofenergy/plunger cart.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationofenergy/ts4kd.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationoflinearmomentum/Conservation of Linear Momentum_phys161.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationoflinearmomentum/MomentumConservation.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationoflinearmomentum/Ozeri Sclae.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationoflinearmomentum/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationoflinearmomentum/collision cart.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationoflinearmomentum/dynamic track.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationoflinearmomentum/motion sen. II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationoflinearmomentum/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/conservationoflinearmomentum/plunger cart.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/freefall/Free Fall_phys161_244.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/freefall/FreeFall (1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/freefall/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/freefall/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/freefall/basketballs.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/freefall/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/freefall/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/heatengine_idealgaslaw/Absolute pressure sen (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/heatengine_idealgaslaw/Gas Law apparatus.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/heatengine_idealgaslaw/Heat Engine Vessel.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/heatengine_idealgaslaw/Heat Engine and Idel Gas law_phys161-263.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/heatengine_idealgaslaw/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/heatengine_idealgaslaw/T stands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/heatengine_idealgaslaw/mass sets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/heatengine_idealgaslaw/metal cans.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/heatengine_idealgaslaw/percolators.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/heatengine_idealgaslaw/pressure sen. comp.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/heatengine_idealgaslaw/rotary motion sen (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/heatengine_idealgaslaw/rubber bands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/heatengine_idealgaslaw/steel poles.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/heatengine_idealgaslaw/temp. sen. 6605A.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/modelingbonefractures/Bone_Fractures.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/modelingbonefractures/Modeling Bone Fractures.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/modelingbonefractures/Mr. Bones.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/modelingbonefractures/Ozeri Sclae.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/modelingbonefractures/crunchie (2) (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/modelingbonefractures/crunchie (2).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/modelingbonefractures/rulers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/motionofanamoeba/Amoeba Motion(1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/newtonslawsofmotion/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/newtonslawsofmotion/Newton-law.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/newtonslawsofmotion/NewtonsLaws.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/newtonslawsofmotion/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/newtonslawsofmotion/braided string.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/newtonslawsofmotion/discover friction (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/newtonslawsofmotion/dynamic track leveling.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/newtonslawsofmotion/dynamic track.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/newtonslawsofmotion/mass sets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/newtonslawsofmotion/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/newtonslawsofmotion/plunger cart.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/newtonslawsofmotion/ts4kd.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/2 pole.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/3 finger clamp (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/Motion Sensor II.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/Poiseulle's Equation I.jpeg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/Thermoses.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/Water Resevoir.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/collapsible funnels.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/grad. cy. 250ml (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/motion sensor cord.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/rubber tubing.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/rulers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/steel poles.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation1/stopwatch sprt. ln.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation2/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation2/Thermoses.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation2/plastic buckets with stoppers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation2/rulers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/poiseullesequation2/stopwatch sprt. ln.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/simpleharmonicmotion/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/simpleharmonicmotion/Simple Harmonic Motion244.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/simpleharmonicmotion/steel poles.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/sound_resonance1/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/sound_resonance1/Sound & Resonance I.jpeg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/sound_resonance1/res. hammers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/sound_resonance1/sound sen.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/sound_resonance1/tuning forks.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/sound_resonance2/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/sound_resonance2/air column.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/sound_resonance2/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/sound_resonance2/mini speaker.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/sound_resonance2/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/sound_resonance2/temp. sen. 6605A.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/standingwavesonastring/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/standingwavesonastring/Standing Waves.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/standingwavesonastring/StandingWaves.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/standingwavesonastring/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/standingwavesonastring/mass sets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/standingwavesonastring/mech. wave driver.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/standingwavesonastring/meter sticks.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/standingwavesonastring/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/standingwavesonastring/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/standingwavesonastring/steel poles.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/standingwavesonastring/sup. pull. cl.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/torquelab/2 pole.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/torquelab/ring hangers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy244/torquelab/static equilibrium 161.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/Capacitors/Phys246 The Capacitor Lab Handout January 2019.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/Capacitors/The Capacitor.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/Capacitors/capacitor Lab.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/Electronchargetomassratio/Charge to Mass Ratio of an Electron-wk10 lab manual_phys261.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/Electronchargetomassratio/ChargetoMassRatio.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/atomicspectra/Foam board for H lab.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/atomicspectra/O spec. tube.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/atomicspectra/T stands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/atomicspectra/angle pole clamps.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/atomicspectra/diffraction gratings 600mm.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/atomicspectra/flashlights.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/atomicspectra/meter sticks.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/atomicspectra/optics track 1.2m.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/atomicspectra/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/atomicspectra/rubber bands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/atomicspectra/spec. tube pwr. sup.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/atomicspectra/spectrum of H.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/electricfieldmapping/Agilent power supply.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/electricfieldmapping/Electric Field Mapping.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/electricfieldmapping/Electric_Field_Mapping_S2016.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/electricfieldmapping/Tenna multimeter.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/electricfieldmapping/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/electricfieldmapping/electric field map. bin.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/electricfieldmapping/electric field map. brd.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/electricfieldmapping/electric field map.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/electricfieldmapping/power cords (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/electricfieldmapping/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/electrostatics/Electrostatics and the Standard Deviation.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/electrostatics/electrostatics.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/geometricoptics-raytracing/Electric Field Mapping.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/geometricoptics-raytracing/Ray Tracing 246.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/geometricoptics-raytracing/basic op. lgt. src.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/geometricoptics-raytracing/flashlights.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/geometricoptics-raytracing/geometric-optics.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/geometricoptics-raytracing/optics track 1.2m.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/geometricoptics-raytracing/ray op. kit.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/geometricoptics-raytracing/view. screen (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/induction-faradayslaws/3400 turn solenoid.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/induction-faradayslaws/Induction and transformer wk11 center bench_phys261.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/induction-faradayslaws/Induction and transformer wk11 station_phys261.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/induction-faradayslaws/Tenna 7720.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/induction-faradayslaws/bar mgnet with poles.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/induction-faradayslaws/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/induction-faradayslaws/hand generator.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/induction-faradayslaws/mag. field sen.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/induction-faradayslaws/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/induction-faradayslaws/voltage sensors.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/Multimeters, Breadboards Circuit Assembly 246.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/Phys246 Building a circuit Lab  February 2020(1)(1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/Resistor Capacitor Storage.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/breadboards.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/meterman cr50.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/ohmslaw_dccircuit/Agilent power supply.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/ohmslaw_dccircuit/DC Circuits 246.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/ohmslaw_dccircuit/DC Circuits.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/ohmslaw_dccircuit/Resistor Capacitor Storage.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/ohmslaw_dccircuit/Tenna 7720.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/ohmslaw_dccircuit/alligator clips.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/ohmslaw_dccircuit/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/ohmslaw_dccircuit/breadboards.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/ohmslaw_dccircuit/meterman cr50.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/ohmslaw_dccircuit/power cords (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/ohmslaw_dccircuit/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/opticsofthehumaneye/IMG_0767.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/opticsofthehumaneye/Optics Eye_updated.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/opticsofthehumaneye/Wooden blocks.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/opticsofthehumaneye/basic op. lgt. src.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/opticsofthehumaneye/flashlights.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/opticsofthehumaneye/human eye model.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/opticsofthehumaneye/optics track 1.2m.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/photoelectriceffect/Agilent power supply.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/photoelectriceffect/Amprobe 38XR.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/photoelectriceffect/BNC.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/photoelectriceffect/LED.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/photoelectriceffect/Planck_s constant.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/photoelectriceffect/Tenna 7720.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/photoelectriceffect/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/photoelectriceffect/photoelectric effect.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/photoelectriceffect/power cords (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/photoelectriceffect/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/polarization/Aperture Bracket.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/polarization/Light sensor.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/polarization/Polarization.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/polarization/Polarizers.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/polarization/Precision Diffraction 2X Slit.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/polarization/Red Diode Laser.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/polarization/flashlights.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/polarization/optics track 1.2m.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/polarization/polarization.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/polarization/view. screen (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/radioactivity/Geiger Muller tube.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/radioactivity/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/radioactivity/Radioactivity2.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/rcdecay/Agilent power supply.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/rcdecay/DC Circuits RC Decay 246 (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/rcdecay/Phys246 RC Decay Lab Handout March 2019 (1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/rcdecay/Tenna multimeter.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/rcdecay/alligator clips.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/rcdecay/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/rcdecay/breadboards.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/rcdecay/capacitors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/rcdecay/meterman cr50.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/rcdecay/power cords (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/rcdecay/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/rcdecay/stopwatch sprt. ln.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/standingwaves/Phys246 Standing Waves June 2018(1)(1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy246/standingwaves/Standing Waves.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/AC_Circuit/ac_circuit.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/AC_Circuit/pic2.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/capacitor/Capacitor_S2015.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/capacitor/The Capacitor (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/dccircuit/Acrylic Breadboard.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/dccircuit/Extech DC power.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/dccircuit/Power Cords.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/dccircuit/Resistors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/dccircuit/Tenna 7720.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/dccircuit/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/dccircuit/meterman cr50.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/dccircuit/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electronchargetomassratio/Charge to Mass Ratio of an Electron-wk10 lab manual_phys261.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electronchargetomassratio/ElectronChargetoMassRatio.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electronchargetomassratio/flashlights (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electronchargetomassratio/replacement mirror scales.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electronchargetomassratio/rulers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electrostatics/Electrostatics and the Standard Deviation.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electrostatics/Faraday cages.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electrostatics/Meas-elec-charges wk4.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electrostatics/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electrostatics/basic electrometer.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electrostatics/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electrostatics/charge pro. proof pl.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electrostatics/charge sen (2).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electrostatics/electro. volt src.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electrostatics/equipment.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electrostatics/purple nitrile glove.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/electrostatics/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/kirchoffslaw/Acrylic Breadboard.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/kirchoffslaw/Extech DC power.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/kirchoffslaw/Tenna multimeter.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/kirchoffslaw/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/kirchoffslaw/kirchoffslaw1.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/kirchoffslaw/kirchoffslaw2.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/kirchoffslaw/power cords (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/kirchoffslaw/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/kirchoffslaw/reesistors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/lccircuit/3400 turn solenoid.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/lccircuit/Acrylic Breadboard.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/lccircuit/LC circuits 261.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/lccircuit/alligator red black un.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/lccircuit/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/lccircuit/bnc_dual banana.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/lccircuit/capacitors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/lccircuit/meterman cr50.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/lccircuit/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/lccircuit/reesistors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/lccircuit/voltage sensors.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/magneticinduction/Induction_magnetic.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/magneticinduction/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/magneticinduction/bar mgnet with poles (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/magneticinduction/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/magneticinduction/magnetic induction.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/magneticinduction/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/magneticinduction/voltage sensors.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/measure_resistance_and_capacitance/1.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/measure_resistance_and_capacitance/2.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/Acrylic Breadboard.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/Multimeters Breadboards Circuit Assembly 261.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/alligator red black un.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/capacitors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/meterman cr50.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeterbreadboard_circuitassembly/reesistors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeters_powersuppliesinactivedccircuit/Acrylic Breadboard.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeters_powersuppliesinactivedccircuit/Extech DC power.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeters_powersuppliesinactivedccircuit/Lab Manual.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeters_powersuppliesinactivedccircuit/Resistors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeters_powersuppliesinactivedccircuit/Tenna 7720.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeters_powersuppliesinactivedccircuit/Using multimeters power supplies active DC circuits.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeters_powersuppliesinactivedccircuit/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeters_powersuppliesinactivedccircuit/meterman cr50.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeters_powersuppliesinactivedccircuit/power cords (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/multimeters_powersuppliesinactivedccircuit/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/ohms law/PHY 261 Ohms law.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/ohms law/setup1.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/ohms law/setup2 .jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl/3400 turn solenoid.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl/Acrylic Breadboard.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl/RC RL AC sinusoidal input 261.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl/TDS 1012B.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl/Tenna Inductance meter.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl/bnc_dual banana.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl/capacitors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl/meterman cr50.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl/reesistors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl/voltage sensors.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl_decay/261 RC decay.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy261/rc_rl_decay/Phys246 RC Decay Lab Handout March 2019 (1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/Characterizing the Atmosphere/characterizing the atmosphere.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCI/2MHZ Wavetek 19.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCI/3400 turn solenoid.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCI/5MHZ BK Precision.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCI/Acrylic Breadboard.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCI/LRC Steady I.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCI/TDS 1012B.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCI/Tenna multimeter.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCI/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCI/bnc_dual banana.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCI/capacitors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCI/meterman cr50.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCI/power cords (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCI/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCII/LRC Steady I.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/LRCtransients/LRC Steady I.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/Measuring Refractive index/RI-1.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/Measuring Refractive index/Refractive Index.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/Measuring Refractive index/measuring refractive index.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/TotalInternalReflection/Reflection.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/TotalInternalReflection/totalInternalReflection.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/1MHZ FG3C.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/2MHZ Wavetek 19.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/5MHZ BK Precision.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/Frequency Components of non sinusoidal waves.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/Resistors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/TDS 1012B.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/Tenna 7720.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/bnc_dual banana.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/capacitors 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/freqcomp.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/meterman cr50.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/open choice.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/power cords.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/frequencysinusoidal/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/gammaray/Gamma Ray Detection.jpeg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/gammaray/Geiger Muller tube.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/gammaray/Geiger holder.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/gammaray/Pasco 850.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/gammaray/iron sheets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/gammaray/plastic inserts.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/geometricoptics/Condor adapter D12.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/geometricoptics/drafting triangles.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/geometricoptics/flashlights.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/geometricoptics/geometric optics.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/geometricoptics/geometric optics.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/geometricoptics/light source 320.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/geometricoptics/optics track 1.2m.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/geometricoptics/protractors.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/geometricoptics/ray op. kit.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/geometricoptics/rulers.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/Absolute pressure sen (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/Gas Law apparatus.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/Heat Engine Vessel.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/Heat Engine and Idel Gas law_phys161-263.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/Pasco 850 (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/T stands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/mass sets.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/metal cans.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/newgaslaw.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/newhteng.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/percolators.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/pressure sen. comp.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/rotary motion sen (2).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/rubber bands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/heatengine/temp. sen. 6605A.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/intensityoflight/Brewster_s angle.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/intensityoflight/Extech DC power.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/intensityoflight/Intensity-vs-Angle-Reflections.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/intensityoflight/Tenna 7720.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/intensityoflight/black ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/intensityoflight/bnc_dual banana.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/intensityoflight/diode laser red (1).png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/intensityoflight/flashlights.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/intensityoflight/fresnelpdf.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/intensityoflight/photo diode box.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/intensityoflight/power cords (1).jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/intensityoflight/red ban.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/intensityoflight/rubber bands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/lightintensityandDistance/L_IntensityandDistance.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/lightintensityandDistance/light_intensityandDistance.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/lightintensityandDistance/pic_2.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/michelson/Michelson Interferometer.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/michelson/michelson.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/photoelectriceffect/850 Interface cables.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/photoelectriceffect/BNC Connecting cable, Photodiode Enclosure.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/photoelectriceffect/DC Current Amplifier.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/photoelectriceffect/Mercury Light source Enclosure.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/photoelectriceffect/Pasco Photoelectric Effect.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/photoelectriceffect/Photodiode Enclosure.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/photoelectriceffect/Power Cords.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/photoelectriceffect/Red _ Blk Connecting cables.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/photoelectriceffect/Track, 60cm.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/photoelectriceffect/Tunable DC Power Supply.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/pressure and temperature/P&T.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/pressure and temperature/digital_thermometer.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/pressure and temperature/jar.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/pressure and temperature/thermometer.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/resonanceinACcircuits/resonance-in-ac.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/signalvelocityoncoaxialcable/Oscilloscope and spreadsheet use .jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/spectrumofatomichydrogen/Foam board for H lab.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/spectrumofatomichydrogen/H Spectrum 246.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/spectrumofatomichydrogen/O spec. tube.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/spectrumofatomichydrogen/T stands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/spectrumofatomichydrogen/angle pole clamps.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/spectrumofatomichydrogen/diffraction gratings 600mm.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/spectrumofatomichydrogen/flashlights.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/spectrumofatomichydrogen/meter sticks.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/spectrumofatomichydrogen/optics track 1.2m.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/spectrumofatomichydrogen/poles.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/spectrumofatomichydrogen/rubber bands.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/stefan-boltzmanradiationlaw/Stefan-Boltzmann radiation law.JPG
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy263/waveoptics/wave optics.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy311/LabView and MultiSim/1.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy311/LabView and MultiSim/Phys 311 Lab 2 Multisim and LabView (2)(1).pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy311/LabView and MultiSim/Tenna 7720.png
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy311/LabView and MultiSim/cables.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy311/LabView and MultiSim/resistors.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy311/The Basics/Lab 1 Phys 311.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Black Body Radiation and Weins law/Black_body.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Black Body Radiation and Weins law/IMG-20240311-WA0007.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Black Body Radiation and Weins law/banana plugs.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Black Body Radiation and Weins law/blackbody.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Black Body Radiation and Weins law/bulb.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Black Body Radiation and Weins law/resistors.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Fourier Analysis/PHY 312- lab8.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/LEDs VS Atomic Spectra/LED V vs Atomic Spectra.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Malus's Law/PHY312 Lab 10.pdf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Malus's Law/malus 1.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Malus's Law/malus 2.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Malus's Law/malus 3.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Malus's Law/malus 4.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Malus's Law/malus 5.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Malus's Law/malus 6.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Malus's Law/malus 7.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Malus's Law/malus 8.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Malus's Law/malus law 1.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Malus's Law/malus law.jpg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/physicslabgmu/Lab_db/main/phy312/Measurement of speed of light in matter/312 .pdf